Truncate arguments in display name if they exceed max length (#2371)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/writing-tests.adoc

| `{0}`, `{1}`, ...        | an individual argument
|===

> NOTE: When including arguments in display names, their string representation is truncated
> if it exceeds the configured maximum length. The limit is configurable via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When including arguments in display names, their string representations are truncated
if they exceed the configured maximum length. The limit is configurable via the
```
